Fix viewing or changing email notification settings (#2561)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_changing-email-notification-settings-for-a-host.adoc

You can configure {Project} to send email notifications either to an individual user or a user group.
When set to a user group, all group members who are subscribed to the email type receive a message.

Receiving email notifications for a host can be useful, but also overwhelming if you are expecting to receive frequent errors, for example, because of a known issue or error you are working around.

> To view or change the email notification settings for a host, complete the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I would just drop this sentence. The file is called "Changing Email Notification Settings for a Host" and the next heading is "Procedure", so I believe we can do without.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*, locate the host that you want to view, and click *Edit* in the *Actions* column.

> . Go to the *Additional Information* tab.
> If the checkbox *Include this host within {Project} reporting* is checked, then the email notifications are enabled on that host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Additional Information* tab, check the checkbox *Include this host within {Project} reporting* to enable email notifications.
If enabled, the owner of the host receives email notifications for that host.
```

Unsure about the second sentence. IMHO we should also refer users to Administer > Users > Your User > email tab which determines if a users receives emails at all.

Author: I can add that, but the checkbox is checked by default (at least for admins) so I don't want to explicitly instruct users to check it.

Author: Added note.

> . Optional: toggle the checkbox to enable or disable the email notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: This is the main point of the procedure. Why should this be removed?

Reviewer: I thought https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/2561/files#r1375757011 was enough. On a second read, maybe you should keep it, yes. Please capitalize "toogle".

> . Optional: change the owner of the host by changing the value in the *Owned By* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: This is also a part of managing email notification settings. I'd prefer to keep it.

Reviewer: I am unsure if there are more consequences when changing the owner of the host.  I would not add this here.

I feel like this should be placed in the concept file like "email notifications are sent to the owner of the host".

Author: Fair enough.

Author: Applied.

You can configure {Project} to send email notifications either to an individual user or a user group.
When set to a user group, all group members who are subscribed to the email type receive a message.

Receiving email notifications for a host can be useful, but also overwhelming if you are expecting to receive frequent errors, for example, because of a known issue or error you are working around.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* > *All Hosts*, locate the host that you want to view, and click *Edit* in the *Actions* column.
. Go to the *Additional Information* tab.
If the checkbox *Include this host within {Project} reporting* is checked, then the email notifications are enabled on that host.
. Optional: Toggle the checkbox to enable or disable the email notifications.
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you want to receive email notifications, make sure you have email address set in your user settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to receive email notifications, ensure that you have an email address set in your user settings.
```

Author: Thanks, applied.
